what's going on guys North Carolina
shooter finally here with a video which
looking at right here is a whirlpool
cabrio washing machine this washing
machine has given me so much trouble
since I got it just problem after
problem after problem is actually laying
down on the ground right now
and I am standing at my 150 yard Target
there's my front porch the shooting
table and this today Sunday this past
Thursday the washer finally quit working
completely it just stopped the computer
board went out in it and they're telling
me it's three hundred and fifty dollars
for the computer board so you see what's
going to happen that's five pounds with
southern Thunder exploding target um I'm
going to try to get rid of it I'm hoping
five pounds will distribute this washer
evenly across this area to where I won't
have to pick up much leftovers if you
know what I'm saying but it's at 150
yards I believe we'll be safe at that
distance I'm ready to get rid of this
thing so I won't step back and get
everything ready and see if I can't put
a bullet right there on that orange dot
out of the Remington 770 now this washer
has been out here for about three or
four days I did just see hickok 45s
video of him shooting a dryer I believe
um this this is by far not a copy of his
I had to go to a gun show this morning
in Myrtle Beach at the convention center
and purchased some more southern thunder
because I only had two pounds and I
wanted to make sure it was gone figured
five would be sufficient so I went and
bought some more you know preparation
for this video but um let me go back and
get set up and we'll take a shot see if
we can't get this washer to disappear
alright guys got the camera set up right
here at my shooting table on the ground
I'm gonna be up on the porch with the
Remington 770 so 270
Gotham hundred thirty Green Winchester
soft point in it and uh 150 yards I've
got a fairly small target but I believe
I can I can hit it
I think that'll give you a good
perspective right there I made me this
one time I may not hope I can get it the
first shot but hopefully that washing
machine is fixing to disappear into a
hundred thousand pieces there we go all
right
all right here we go
that's what I'm talking about I do
believe the washing machine is gone as
shrapnel landing all over the field out
here everywhere but 150 yards we were
safe at that distance I got rid of that
piece of junk I appreciate you guys
watching I believe I'm gonna have to go
clean up my mess and wait on the law to
show up so uh we'll see y'all on the
next one all right guys I couldn't
resist I know I've already ended the
video but I had to give you an idea what
happened downrange
this thing completely disintegrated I
mean I'm finding pieces like that just
give some perspective that's what I'm
finding I've got two large pieces you
seen those on camera but for the most
part this thing is just disintegrated it
turned the dirt over all around my
targets out here I've got a piece of a
piece of steel here other natural
talking about just little teeny pieces
even this stunt right here which was
probably old five yards away from the
explosion I mean it's hard to tell but
it's got a little play in it it moved
the stump you can see it's kind of
leaning that was five pounds of southern
Thunder Southern Thunder is some potent
stuff I really enjoyed it
um I got got a few more pieces up here
but for the most part it's just
completely disintegrated now this cut
down here is private property so I do
not have to worry about them any
problems with a little bit of trash
we're gonna get out here and pick up
what's left over but um I had to show
you what was left over man that was an
awesome explosion the camera doesn't do
these explosions very much justice when
you're here in person man they are
amazing if you've never tried Southern
Thunder or any kind of tanner right I'm
not real familiar with other kinds
but um I know southern Thunder is pretty
potent and it it really makes a big boom
it's a lot of fun whenever you hit your
target you're you know it you don't have
to come down and look see where you've
hit here's another piece this is the
piece that come towards the camera I
mean it has just ripped all up just all
to pieces so we're gonna pick up this
little bit of stuff try to clean up just
a little little my range here but I had
to give you a perspective from downrange
like I say once again I appreciate you
watching and we'll see you guys on the
next one